Tyson Fury v Oleksandr Usyk is pugilism’s World Cup final. The best versus the best. A cliffhanger episode to draw the eyes of the world.
Barring a draw, for the first time in almost a quarter of a century one man will stand tall as the undisputed champion of boxing’s glamour division.
For Fury, a man born into a fighting traveller family and named after former champion Mike Tyson, it could be his crowning moment as arguably Briton’s greatest export to the sport.
A Netflix reality show and appearances in the scripted world of wrestling entertainment – combined with a compelling comeback story after battling addiction and depression - have long since established Fury as a mainstream figure.
His rise, however, has been far from meteoric.
From a leisure centre in Wigan to a Norfolk showground, the slow-burning superstar has worked his way through smaller venues into the starkest of spotlights.
Over a 16-year-professional career, the only predictable thing about Fury has been his unpredictability.
Could Saturday be the climax of a career that has produced the good, the bad and, on occasions, the ugly?
Fury’s first coach, Steve Egan, knew he was on to a winner the moment he first laid eyes on a young Gypsy King.
At just 14 - standing 6ft 4in tall and weighing 14st - Fury towered over almost every adult in Egan's gym in Wythenshawe, Manchester.
"This guy is going to be champion of the world someday," Egan prophesied in 2006.
Gold medals at the 2007 European Junior Championships and the 2008 English Nationals signalled Fury’s potential as Great Britain’s Olympic selectors began to take notice.
Liverpudlian David Price, who would later become a fierce rival, recalls meeting an 18-year-old Fury for the first time.
"I had just won gold at the Commonwealth Games and was in a training camp in Sheffield before the European Championships," Price tells BBC Sport.
"My team-mate Frankie Gavin came into my hotel room and said there’s a young kid here saying he’s here to take your place in the Olympics. He says his name is Tyson Fury.
"I was like 'what?' - I'd never heard that type of talk in the amateurs. It was always so respectful, never had I come across someone that brash."